CONTRIBUTORS.md, before:

# Contributors

In alphabetical order:

- [Antoine Delignat-Lavaud](https://antoine.delignat-lavaud.fr/): discussions regarding TLS attacks covered in Slides 2.1.
- [Bas Westerbaan](https://bas.westerbaan.name/): full review of Slides 2.6 (Post-Quantum Cryptography) with corrections.
- [Daniel Dia](https://danieldia-dev.github.io/): improvements to the lattice cryptography math slides in Slides 2.6 (Post-Quantum Cryptography). 
- [Diego F. Aranha](https://dfaranha.github.io/): full review of Slides 1.8 (Elliptic Curve Cryptography) with corrections.
- [Jad Elmoghraby](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jad-elmoghraby/): scrypt implementation for the Go Starter Kit.
- [Jean-Philippe Aumasson](https://aumasson.jp): general feedback and advice.
- [Kenneth Paterson](https://inf.ethz.ch/people/person-detail.paterson.html): highly significant general feedback, guidance and advice across many domains.
- [Lucas Meier](https://cronokirby.com): general feedback and advice.
- [Rolfe Schmidt](https://www.linkedin.com/m/in/rolfeschmidt): discussions and clarifications regarding Signal's cryptography today.

It's possible that you've contributed something and that I forgot to add your name here. If that is the case, please shoot me an email at [n@nadim.email](mailto:n@nadim.email).

Commit message:

Slides 1.6: Implement feedback from Gilles Van Assche

CONTRIBUTORS.md, after:

# Contributors

In alphabetical order:

- [Antoine Delignat-Lavaud](https://antoine.delignat-lavaud.fr/): discussions regarding TLS attacks covered in Slides 2.1.
- [Bas Westerbaan](https://bas.westerbaan.name/): full review of Slides 2.6 (Post-Quantum Cryptography) with corrections.
- [Daniel Dia](https://danieldia-dev.github.io/): improvements to the lattice cryptography math slides in Slides 2.6 (Post-Quantum Cryptography). 
- [Diego F. Aranha](https://dfaranha.github.io/): full review of Slides 1.8 (Elliptic Curve Cryptography) with corrections.
- [Gilles Van Assche](https://gva.noekeon.org/): corrections and improvements to Slides 1.6 (Collision-Resistant Hash Functions).
- [Jad Elmoghraby](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jad-elmoghraby/): scrypt implementation for the Go Starter Kit.
- [Jean-Philippe Aumasson](https://aumasson.jp): general feedback and advice.
- [Kenneth Paterson](https://inf.ethz.ch/people/person-detail.paterson.html): highly significant general feedback, guidance and advice across many domains.
- [Lucas Meier](https://cronokirby.com): general feedback and advice.
- [Rolfe Schmidt](https://www.linkedin.com/m/in/rolfeschmidt): discussions and clarifications regarding Signal's cryptography today.

It's possible that you've contributed something and that I forgot to add your name here. If that is the case, please shoot me an email at [n@nadim.email](mailto:n@nadim.email).
